# cryptoworld


This is a crypto educational and research website that would provide a crash course for beginners but also provide a one stop shop for more advanced investors with research tools and data as well as news articles. They could also monitor their crypto portfolios and compare them with other portfolios and see how their portfolio has been performing. This solves the problem of crypto education because mostly everyone has access to the internet and having a website that gives you the entire scoop on crypto and provides you the platform to research afterwards would be beneficial to any level of investors. The primary sources of education and information will not be from us as college students, but articles from reputable sources tailored to what you want to learn. It is tough to go out and try and learn on your own, but by using this site the learning will be broken down into manageable steps to digest it all. We will do this by creating multiple different pages each solving a different problem and allowing the users to learn. For example one page allows the user to enter in any crypto currency ticker symbol and is given data, news articles, and a description of what they put in. This will help break the stigma that all cryptos are merely coins and educate individuals on what each coin is trying to solve. Another page will introduce beginners to the crypto space, and lastly we will have tools to allow people to create different portfolios and check their own crypto holdings through coinbase. 


The  technologies used Flask for the backend, and html, css, and javascript for the frontend. The diagramming will be finished utilizing highcharts and highstock, alongside utilizing yippee finance programming interface, coincap programming interface, news programming interface, and coinbase programming interface to collaborate with business sectors and get ongoing information.
